AS68 [-F d:] [-P] [-S d:] [-U] [-L] [-N] [-I]
[-0 object filename]
source filename [> listing filename]

-F d:
The -F option specifies the drive on which temporary files are created.
The variable d: is the drive designation, which must be followed by a
colon. If this option is not specified, the temporary files that AS68
creates are created on the current drive.

-I
The -I option initializes the assembler. See Section 5.2 for details.

-p
If specified, AS68 produces and prints a listing on the standard output
device which, by default, is the console. You can redirect the listing,
including error messages, to a file by using the >1isting filename
parameter. Note that error messages are produced whether or not the
-p option is· specified. No listing is produced, however, unless you
specify the -P option.

-S d:
The -S option indicates the drive on which the assembler initialization
file, AS68SYMB.DAT, resides. This file is created when you initialize
AS68. See Section 5.2. AS68 reads the file AS68SYMB.DAT before it
assembles a source file. The variable, d:, is the drive designation; it
must be followed by a colon. If you do not specify this option, AS68
assumes the initialization file is on the default drive.

-U
Causes all undefined symbols in the assembly to be treated as global
references.

-L
Ensures all address constants are generated as longwords. Use the
-L option for programs that require more than 64K for execution or
if the TPA is not contained in the first 64K bytes of memory. If -L is
not specified, the program is assembled to run in the first 64 K bytes
of memory. If an address in the assembly does not fit within one word
an error occurs. Appendix E describes all AS68 errors.

-N
Disables optimization of branches on forward references. Normally,
wherever possible, AS68 uses the 2-byte form of the conditional
branch and the 4-byte BSR instruction to speed program execution
and reduce the instruction size instead of the 6-byte ]SR instruction.

source filename
This is the only required parameter. It is the file specification of the
assembly language source program to be assembled.

